Installation Guide
This document provides comprehensive instructions for compiling, packaging, and deploying the Neko Void Updater natively on Void Linux. The installation process uses a localized repository strategy to ensure clean package management via XBPS.

Technical Prerequisites
Before proceeding, ensure your system has the standard deployment utilities installed:

xbps-src environment setup or local repository indexing tools (xbps-rindex).

Active permissions for executing build automation scripts.

Deployment Architecture
Step 1: Package Generation
The project includes a build automation script configured to compile the binaries and construct a native .xbps package structure.

Execute the generator script from the root directory:

Bash
chmod +x make_xbps.sh
./make_xbps.sh
Upon successful execution, a distribution package containing the .xbps extension will be generated in the working directory.

Step 2: Local Repository Registration and Installation
To maintain system integrity and track the software via the native package manager, register the newly generated package into a localized repository index prior to installation:

Initialize and add the package to the local repository index:

Bash
xbps-rindex -a *.xbps

2. Instruct `xbps-install` to target the current working directory as an active repository source:
   ```bash
   sudo xbps-install --repository=. neko-void-updater
Step 3: Service Activation (Runit Daemon Management)
The installation package automatically deploys a specialized system synchronization service configuration to the standard Runit storage directory (/etc/sv/).

To activate the background synchronization daemon, initialize a symbolic link to the active service directory:

Bash
sudo ln -s /etc/sv/neko-void-sync /var/service/
Operational Notes
Desktop Integration: A native application entry labeled "Neko Void Updater" will automatically register within your desktop environment's application menu.

Session Initialization: The application implements automated session startup (Autostart) parameters to initialize the tray module upon user authentication.

Logging and Diagnostics: Runtime output, tracing data, and diagnostic logs are continuously piped to the system temp path at /tmp/neko_updater.log.

System Universality: The codebase conforms strictly to system-wide variables and absolute system paths; no hardcoded user home structures or localized configurations are utilized.

Maintained by ErzaGOD19 for the Neko Void Linux Trinity Community.
